{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 What is a Role ?\par
A Role is an object in SailPoint(Bundle) . A role can encapsulate other entitlements within it. It does the provisioning task easier.For Example \f1\endash  When a user joins  a firm he/she needs 3 mandatory entitlements. So we can group together all these in a Single Role.\par
     What are the benefits of Role ?\par
      Simplifies Access Request \endash\par
Assuming all users should have access to 50 Entitlements . Now, the Business Users (The people who raises entitlement request), A person requesting an Entitlement has to know about each entitlements and request all entitlements manually. So instead of requesting 50 entitlements , he/she can simply request the Role.\par
Within the Role we will encapsulate all 50 entitlements.\par
Also, in the access request screen the Business User can see the entitlements requested in Role.\par
       Simplifies Access Reviews \endash\par
Now suppose a certifier needs to certify these 50 Entitlements. Without Role implementation it would have been a difficult task. He might have accidentally revoked an access which was not required.\par
The certifier can see details of the Role Composition within the certification.\par
        Manage Access By Expertise\par
So in certification process we need to certify 2 things.\par
A- Who should have the Role ?\par
B- What is in the Role ?\par
Suppose a user has a Technical Analyst Role. Now his manager can Certify if the user has correct roles or not. The Role owner can who has more knowledge on System Administration can Certify Role Composition if the Role has correct set of Entitlements. So task is Segregated, this in turn increases efficiency.\par
In Certifications in IIQ there are 2 types of certification for these \endash\par
Role Membership and Role Composition certification.\par
        Code Efficiency \endash\par
For example \endash  if we have written an, If \endash  Else condition for an entitlement at IF -Else places, instead we have to make a single change in Role,\par
ADVERTISEMENT\par
REPORT THIS AD\par
\par
 \par
\par
        Audit Events can also be easily captured\par
For Example \endash  We can log when roles are created,updated or Disabled.\par
 It can also log when should a user receive an assigned role.\par
    What are different types of Roles in identityiq ?\par
Organizational Role, Business Role, IT Roles,Entitlement Roles\par
IdentityIQ Standard Role Model\par
IdentityIQ Standard Role Model is a 2 TIER Model.\par
Business Role and IT Role\par
Business Roles \endash\par
Most users will interact will Business Roles only. So they are least concern about the underlying entitlements. So while defining Business Roles we should clearly define the Business Role name and the description for that Business Role.\par
Business Role mostly represents Job Functions or Job Titles (Employee, IT Role).\par
The Business Role should be clearly understandable because the Business Users will   directly interact with them. Hence from a developers point of view we should specify metadata wihin the Role clearly. For ex-   Description, DisplayName or any other Extended Attribute.\par
We can directly assigned Roles based on condition or we can request the Roles.\par
        IT Roles \endash\par
IT Role \endash  The IT Role will have the grouping of entitlements.\par
\par
IdentityIQ will DETECT that the user has IT role when they see that the user has all  the entitlements defined in IT Role Definition.\par
When we attached Business Roles to IT Roles, the IdentityIQ figures out which            access it should provision to detected Roles.\par
Understanding Benefits of 2 Tier Model     \par
Role Re-Use. Same IT Role can be configured under two Business Role. So anytime if there is a change in IT Role, the Business Role will not get affected. The End user who is interacting the Business Role will see the same set.\par
This is not possible in Single Tier Model.\par
 \par
\par
Role Relationships\par
Within a Business Role we see 3 types of permissions \endash  \par
Required \endash  When  a Role is configured as Required Role then it is considered as a mandatory Role. It can be\par
Permitted \endash  If you have a Role that may or may not be needed with a Required role than you can set that role as permitted. If the role is set as permitted then you can only get that role using access request. It will not be assigned via Refresh Identity Task.\par
Inherited \endash  Suppose there are 2 Roles. Role A and Role B.Now In the Role A Configuration you have configured that Role A inherits Role B. Now suppose any user gets Role A then he will automatically get Role B and its entitlement.\par
What is ROLE Mining ? What are the different approaches for Role Mining?\par
If we want to create Roles based on the data in IdentityIQ then , we can achieve it using Role Mining.\par
Below are the approaches\par
IT Role Mining, Entitlement Analysis and Business Role Mining.\par
IT Role Mining-\par
Use Case \endash  A company is located in 5 different countries.\par
Example \endash  Pune,Bangalore,Mumbai.\par
It has employees of 2 different role profiles. Developer and Testers.\par
Now, they want to give access to different environments to its employees.\par
The different environment are DEV,TEST,UAT,PROD.\par
All these access levels are maintained in a FlatFile application  for ex \endash\par
Environment Access.\par
Now all the data is available in SailPoint. Now you are asked to create IT Roles based on JobTitles and Access Levels\par
I\rquote ll create 2 population.\par
Jobtitle = Developer\par
Now If I want to create Roles based on these access levels then it is achievable. In IT Role Mining, I will select the application, it will give me a list of entitlements(DEV,TEST,UAT) of that application. Then I can exclude the entitlements which I do not want.\par
The output of this role mining will be a table . It will have a list of all entitlements analysis grouped together . You can create an IT Role from here with the specific set of entitlements you want.\par
IT Role Mining\par
\par
Entitlement Analysis\par
If you want analysis for each individual Entitlement then it is achievable using Entitlement Analysis. In Entitlement Analysis you have to select the entitlement and create roles.\par
\par
Below is a sample list of set of Entitlements.\par
\par
Entitlement Analysis\par
\par
Business Role Mining\par
Select the identity attribute in the sequence in which you want to mine business roles. So lets say you want list of all Developer\rquote s and Tester\rquote s on the basis of individual location.\par
\par
Then you will have to select the Identity attributes in that order.\par
\par
So if you have 7 locations. 14 Business roles will be created.\par
\par
Business_Role_Mining\par
\par
 \par
\par
What are the different ways using which we can assign Business Roles ?\par
\par
Refresh Identity Task \endash  Based on an assignment rule Business Role would be assigned.\par
Below options needs to be checked \endash\par
Refresh assigned, detected roles and promote additional entitlements\par
Provision assignments\par
If provision assignments in not checked , then Business Roles would be shown as assigned in IIQ but the entitlement under it will be marked as crossed.\par
Access Request \endash  The Business Role would be assigned directly. Permitted roles can only be assigned using access request. When you will a Business Role that a permitted role in it, you will see an additional pop up with Optional written on it. Only if you select it the permitted role would be assigned. Permitted role can not be assigned through Refresh Identity Task.\par
\par
Batch Request\par
\par
Role Membership and Role Composition Certification\par
As a best practice before assigning any IT Roles to Business Roles , we must 1st verify if the Role Composition is correct.\par
Role Compostion Certification Functioning \endash\par
\par
We can select the roles which we want to verify whether it composition is correct or not. When a certification is ran, An access review is generated. Within the access review we can verify if composition is correct or not.\par
There are 2 options \endash\par
\par
Approve and Revoke \endash  On Revocation a manual workitem is generated to the role owner stating an action to be taken.\par
 \par
\par
Role Provisioning Options- Setting Sunrise and Sunset Dates in Roles\par
 Roles can be enabled or disabled on any particular day automatically.\par
 Roles can be assigned or de-assigned on any particular date automatically.\par
 This concept is called Setting Sunrise and Sunset Dates.\par
 This can be achieved by enabling below checkboxes \endash\par
 GlobalSettings \endash  IIQ Configuration \endash  Roles\par
Sunset_Sunrise_Config\par
\par
Open any Business Role and then Configure events under Scheduled Events.\par
\par
Role Model Extension \endash\par
What are the scenarios in which we want to update Role Model ?\par
BirthRight Roles can be customized roles so that they are not requestable.\par
\par
If you want assign capabilities using Roles. You can create Custom Roles and assign            capabilities using those Roles. You can write conditions in assignment rules that                  user with Help Desk JobTitle should get HelpDesk capability.\par
\par
What is the use of Entitlement Role Type \endash  Entitlement Role type is for backward                compatibility . It functions exactly as an IT Role.\par
\par
Role Model Updation ? How can you update an identity if a Role is updated.\par
Usecase \endash  You have a Role A. Role A had 2 entitlements Ent1,Ent2.\par
Now the entitlement Ent1 has been updated. The entitlement is Entv1.\par
How will you propogate these changes ?\par
Steps\par
Enable \endash  Allow Propagation of Role Changes.                                                          Global Settings > IdentityIQ Configuration > Roles > Additional Roles Options \endash  \par
Update Role Composition\par
Run Propagate Role Changes task.\par
 \par
\par
When Role Provisioning Policy will be used ? \par
If we want to set additional attributes in Target System for a Role then we can not create those attributes in AD instead we will create a role provisioning policy.\par
Also, a Role can have 2 Entitlement in OR condition. For ex- I can request a role and I only want to provision only 1 out of the 2 entitlements. Then I can create a provisioning policy in the Roles.\par
Kindly note whenever an Access Request is madefor a Role. Both the provisioning policies gets merged in the provisioning policy form. Fields of both the provisionig policies will be visible to the form owner.\par
 \par
\par
}
 