{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://chrisolive.me/sailpoint-iiq-the-buildmap-rule-revisited/ }}{\fldrslt{https://chrisolive.me/sailpoint-iiq-the-buildmap-rule-revisited/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
SAILPOINTTPOINT\par
raw questions\par
- March 09, 2018\par
1.What is cretfication ?\par
2.What are certification in sailpoint ?\par
Manager certification\par
application owner certification\par
entitlement owner certification\par
advanced certification\par
Role Membership\par
Role composition\par
Account Group Permissions\par
Account Group Membership\par
\par
3.What are the lifecylce of certification ?\par
  1.Staging period ?\par
  2.Challenge period ?\par
  3.Revocation period ?\par
  4.Sign off period\par
 \par
4. is it possible to hold certification ?\par
yes, challenging phase, user can challenge his access\par
5. is it possible exclude certification for members ?\par
yes, it is possible to sepecify the members from certification in advance certiification?\par
6. What is rule ?\par
Rule is nothing but it is bean shell script and this can be resuable.\par
7. What is pre-iterate ?\par
\par
PreIterate Rule: This rule runs only once for the whole file before the records in the file are\par
processed; it is available to address any file-management needs for the aggregation task.\par
Common examples include unzipping the file, validating the file date before aggregating potentially stale data,\par
building a local map of lookup data from a remote source which can be used in the aggregation\par
process (more efficient than a remote lookup for each record), etc\par
\par
\par
8. What is build map rule ?\par
This rule offers an opportunity to perform data manipulation on the delimited file\par
account data as it is read from the file. In the absence of a build map rule, IdentityIQ automatically\par
takes the columns list and the data values in the current record of the file and builds a hashmap of\par
name-value pairs (i.e. column - rowValue). If the record should be manipulated differently from that\par
default, the build map rule can be used to control that behavior. This rule runs for each record in the\par
file\par
9. Customized rule ?\par
  Build map rule for delimited file,SAP,Ldap.\par
 \par
10.Pre-deligation rule.\par
if manager went leave. this rule is going to be run.\par
11. What is access Managagment ?\par
Providing secure access to resources through web browsers and mobile applications\par
12.What is Role  and what is the use of Role ?\par
it is cubling together of acccess on different system.\par
Roles uses is as below:\par
\f1\bullet  Categorize and manage users based on job function\par
\bullet  Provide a translation between business and IT functions\par
\bullet  Earsese the provisioning and the request process for new access\par
\bullet  Simplify auditing and the access and certification proces\par
\par
13. What are Roles ?\par
Rolesn are similar to Logical Applications in that they can encapsulate the entitlements needed to access \par
enterprise applications\par
\par
1.Organization role(Can n't be requested)\par
2.Business role(Can be requested)\par
3.Entitlement role(Can be requested),\par
4.IT role(Can n't be requested) ,\par
\par
14.Workflows\par
\par
15.Identity Mapping ?\par
\par
16.account mapping.\par
Application -account mapping\par
17.Entitlement\par
18.Entitlement catlog\par
19.What is managed attribute ?\par
\par
20.What is mitigation ?\par
  if you want to provide expection\par
\par
21)\par
22)How can we set limit for delete aggreation ?\par
23)Identity refresh cube ?\par
if you want to referesh Identities attributes of Identity Cube, we are going to do Identity Refresh Cube.\par
 Update identity attributes from the identity account attributes and through calculations\par
\par
The Refresh Task is critical to finalizing data on the Identity Cubes. \par
1)all entitlements are promoted from the Account Data to the Identity Cubes by the Refresh Task.\par
2) policy violations and risk scores are calculated by the Refresh Task.\par
Typically Aggregation Tasks are followed by a Refresh Task.\par
different options in Identity Refresh:\par
\par
 \par
24)\par
\par
25)Identity risk ? application risk ?\par
\par
26) What is service account and how you are going to represetnt ?\par
\par
The three main options for representing service accounts in IdentityIQ are:\par
\par
27. Attach the service account to account owner's identity\par
28. Create a standalone identity cube for each service account\par
29. Create a service identity cube for each resource (application) to hold all service accounts for the given resource\par
\par
30.How many ways, you can inialize variables in workflows.\par
 Referenece,\par
 String\par
 Rule\par
 Callmethod\par
 Script\par
\par
31)How to debug the workflows ?\par
<Variable initializer="true" input="true" name="trace"/>\par
\par
\par
32) Enable logging (log files) for sailpoint\par
)  Open file  .. \\identityiq\\WEB-INF\\classes\\log4j.properties\par
2) Search for log4j.appender.file=org.apache.log4j.FileAppender\par
3) uncomment (remove # symbol) for next 4 lines\par
log4j.appender.file=org.apache.log4j.FileAppender\par
log4j.appender.file.File=C:/trainingData/sailpointInstallables/logs/sailpoint.log\par
log4j.appender.file.layout=org.apache.log4j.PatternLayout\par
log4j.appender.file.layout.ConversionPattern=%d\{ISO8601\} %5p %t %c\{4\}:%L - %m%n\par
\par
  Search for. log4jrootLogger=warn,file and uncomment.\par
  Go to end of the file and add the class against which you want to debug.\par
  To find the class name - Go to debug page.\par
  In object browser, provide object name as Application\par
  provide your application name in search filter.\par
  Open that application.\par
  copy the class name mentioned against connector tag in app xml.\par
  At the end of log4j.properties file\par
append log4j.logger. connector class =trace/debug/info/all/warn (save the file)\par
33) Go to debug page of sailpoint\par
 From menue with name debug ----> logging option\par
 Reload logging configuration.\par
\par
Logging is enabled.\par
 \par
34)How to set debug logger for logginer in sailpoint.\par
\par
import org.apache.log4j.Logger;\par
import org.apache.log4j.Level;\par
\par
Logger log = Logger.getLogger("sailpoint.services.bshdemo");\par
// TODO: Remove this forced log level set before checking in this Rule. \par
log.setLevel(Level.DEBUG); \par
\par
log.debug("Hello logging world!");\par
\par
35)How to set Info logger for logginer in sailpoint.\par
\par
 Logger log = Logger.getLogger("sailpoint.services.bshdemo");\par
// TODO: Remove this forced log level set before checking in this Rule. \par
log.setLevel(Level.INFO); \par
36) how to save identity object ?\par
\par
context.saveObject(id);\par
context.commitTransaction();\par
\par
 \par
37) What is Access Management?\par
Ans - Managing the permission of an account through which the account gets some access on target system is called as access management.\par
This is achieved in sailpoint by re-certification process.\par
38) What is Roles?\par
Clubbing together all permissions of an different target system into single entity to maintain permission in an efficient way is termed as Roles.\par
39) What is Identity cube?\par
The identity along with it all details like entitilement, history, policy, account etc is called as identity cube. It is a virtual 3 dimentional representation of an identity.\par
40) What is Applicaiton onboarding?\par
Configuring setting to connec to a target system to bring all accounts and permission from a target system is called as application onboarding.\par
\par
\par
\par
41)\par
how many types extended attributes can increase in saailpoint  ?\par
8 types of extended attributes can be increase\par
1. AlertExtended.hbm\par
2.ApplicationExtended.hbm\par
3.BundleExtended.hbm\par
4.CertificationItemExtended.hbm\par
5.IdentityExtended.hbm\par
6.LinkExtended.hbm\par
7.ManagedAttributeExtended.hbm\par
8.TargetExtended.hbm\par
\par
42) Extended attribute mappings for Identity.\par
By default we will map 10 extended attributes, but this may be raised to\par
a maximum of 20.\par
\par
Using ExtendedPropertyAccessor can add attributes beyond\par
the limit of 20 and have meaningful names.\par
\par
\par
Only the first five attributes are indexed, to provide\par
an example of how to specify an index.  In a production deployment you\par
will usually index most of the extended attributes since they are\par
usually added for searching\par
\par
43) What are the paramters need to uncomment in iiq.properties file.\par
\par
Depending on the type of database being\par
# used, you will need to do the following:\par
#\par
# 1) Uncomment the correct sessionFactory.hibernateProperties.hibernate.dialect\par
#    and ensure that all other dialects are commented out.\par
# 2) If using MS SQL Server, also uncomment the quartz properties:\par
#    scheduler.quartzProperties.org.quartz.jobStore.driverDelegateClass and\par
#    scheduler.quartzProperties.org.quartz.jobStore.selectWithLockSQL.\par
\par
\par
44)\par
IDENTITYIQ MANAGED DATASOURCES ONLY\par
#\par
# In addition to the steps above, if IdentityIQ is creating its own datasource\par
# (ie - not using an application server managed datasource), you will need to\par
# perform the following steps:\par
#\par
# 1) Modify dataSource.username and dataSource.password to include the username\par
#    and password of the database user.  The password may be an encrypted using\par
#    the "encrypt" command when running "iiq console".\par
# 2) Configure the dataSource.url to connect to the database, and uncomment the\par
#    appropriate dataSource.driverClassName.\par
# 3) Optionally configure other connection pool settings.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
45) How many types of Roles can be created in Sailpoint.\par
  IT, Business, Entitilemnt, Organization\par
 \par
  Business E  OT\par
 \par
46)\par
\par
57) What is role memebership certificaiton?\par
certifying access of those people which are associated with a role is called as role memebership cert.\par
58) What is role composition certification?\par
Certifying the composition of a role, means certifying all permissions through which a role is combined is called as certification.\par
\par
59) What is application owner certification?\par
certifying access of people associated with certain application is called as app owner cert.\par
60) What is exclusion rule?\par
Rule written to excluding some person from certification (access review ) process.\par
61) What is nativeIdentity?\par
Unique attribute through which an identity is identified. ex- employeeId.\par
62) How we can represent an organization in Sailpoint?\par
Using Roles. Can creaate roles for one organization.\par
63) In case there is a new target system , how will you interact with that target system to get all records from it and do the governance for that target sytstem.\par
Need to write a custom connector for that.\par
64) What is lifecycle events?\par
joiner, mover, leaver( process which shows that an identity is added to a firm, removed from a firm or their department gets changed).\par
65) What is population and how it is used?\par
population is grouping of identity based on search result. Like people working in same department. It is used in certification process.\par
66) How population is created in sailpoint?\par
Using Advanced analytics section, Need to search group of identity and the save that as population.\par
\par
68) What are different types of certification. Which all you have worked on?\par
\par
69) What is exclusion rule in certification\par
\par
70) What is predelegation rule.\par
In case actual approver is absent, then the review is delegated to some other person. Rule written in  certification for this process is called as predelegation rule.\par
71) Whether workflows can be called from certification or not?\par
No.\par
\par
\par
72)what is role based access control?\par
Managing access of users using Roles in sailpoint is RBAC(Role Based Access Control)\par
\par
73)What is beanshell scripts?\par
Scritping language introducced to write rules in java.Ref - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.beanshell.org/manual/syntax.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.beanshell.org/manual/syntax.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
74)What can i do, when i have launched a certification, and after the certification I have taken a decision to remove a role from an Identity. But as soon as I click on revoke access, it should not get revoked , the access should persist for some day, Only after few days, the access should get revoked.\par
There is a check box in certificaction configuration called as "Process revokes immediately". If this is checked the revokation occurs instantly, otherwise not.\par
\par
75) Have you done the SSO configuration? Tell me the steps and configuration?\par
There is a section in Login configuration -->SSO configuration , where we need to write rule for SSO configuration.\par
76) In case I have done some changes in target system, I want to find in audit whether the changes are made from target system or from sailpoint. What configuration i need to do?\par
System setup --> audit configuration.\par
77) How to write a custom task? Give all necessary steps which need to be done.\par
covered in session.\par
78) What are important tables of database for Sailpoint identityiq?\par
spt_identity, spt_link, spt_bundle, spt_certification, spt_rule , spt_taskdefinition.\par
79) What is ruleLibrary. What is the purpose of writing a rule library.\par
Collection of small function in a single place is called as rule Library.\par
\par
80) What is Library in workflow?\par
Libraries are class file which has some functions mentioned,, which can be used in a workflow to do some processings.\par
\par
81) When ever a user joins the firm, what all things is done in sailpoint for that. Waht all configuration required?\par
lifecycle event --> joiner --> joining workflow\par
\par
82) What is nativechange type of life cycle event.\par
if some change happen directly on target system, and we want to use some workflow to be triggered in sailpoint for that, we need to enable nativeCahange detection and configure nativechange event in lifecycle event.\par
\par
83) What is rule based life cycle event. How it is used?\par
if an event need to be triggered base on some condition everytime, then Rule based life cycle event.\par
84) What are capabilities in sailpoint identityiq?\par
capabilities in sailpoint is used to restrict access of a user on user interface of saailpoint.\par
\par
84) What is  the differece between capabilities and roles?\par
capabilities are used to restrict access of a user on menues of sailpoint, while roles are used to restrict access of a user on target system.\par
\par
85) What are approval items?\par
When ever a request is made is sailpont, some approvals are created, which is sent to approver in form of approval items.\par
\par
86) What are different modes of approval?\par
serial, parallel, parallel poll, serial poll, any\par
87) How we can open a custom form in approval?\par
Need to use sailpoint forms in step of workflow.\par
\par
88) Is there any difference between role mining and role engineering. If it is there what are them?\par
No difference.\par
89) What is role mininig? What are different approaches for role mining?\par
top down\par
bottom up.\par
\par
\par
\par
90)what kind of roles you have implemented?\par
Ans) A role is a collection of entitlements or other roles that enables an identity to access resources and to perform certain operations within an organization. A simple role is a collection of entitlements defined within the context of a single system. I have involved in creating business and IT roles.\par
91)what are componets required to configure LDAP and AD?\par
Ans)\par
92)if you are using application servers - weblogic and any applicaiton servers, we need to configure the JNDI name.\par
APPLICATION SERVER MANAGED DATASOURCES ONLY\par
#\par
# In addition to the steps above, if IdentityIQ is using an application server\par
# managed datasource, you will need to perform the following steps:\par
#\par
# 1) Configure the datasource in your application server.  This usually involves\par
#    putting the JDBC driver jar file in a common location and configuring\par
#    properties for your database connection and pool settings.  Consult the\par
#    documentation for the application server for more information.  Also,\par
#    ensure that the JDBC driver jar file is not in the WEB-INF\\lib directory\par
#    of the IdentityIQ web application.\par
# 2) Change jndiDataSource.jndiName to point to the location in JNDI in which\par
#    the datasource is stored.\par
# 3) Change configuredDataSource.targetBeanName to "jndiDataSource".\par
\par
\par
93)What is logical application?\par
Ans:Sometimes, we need to identify an \ldblquote application\rdblquote  and corresponding \ldblquote accounts\rdblquote  as something that spans one or more applications. Take an example whereby a web application uses a specific entitlement in Active Directory to define membership in an application. Any user who has this specific Active Directory entitlement has an \ldblquote account\rdblquote  on this application. This is an example of a Logical Application.\par
94)What kind of custom tasks you build?\par
Tasks perform periodic operations such as Aggregation,Identity Refresh,System Maintenance.It\rquote s possible and very common to write your own tasks.Please specify Custom task written by you.\par
95)What are differnt phase in certification?\par
Generation Phase,Active Phase,Challenge Phase,Sign Off Phase,Remediation\\Revocation Phase,End Phase\par
96)How can we use forms?\par
Forms are used to solicit user input in several areas of IdentityIQ. They are used with:\par
a) Application and role provisioning policies\par
b) Identity provisioning policies (only applicable for installations using Lifecycle Manager)\par
c) Data entry and approvals in workflow steps\par
d)Report filter specification\par
97)what is Identity mapping?\par
Ans)To configure identity attributes that are used by identifyiq\par
98)What is account Mapping?\par
Ans)To configure account  that are managed by identifyiq\par
99)What is connector Rule?\par
Connector Rules are used during aggregation from specific connectors, specifically DelimitedFile, JDBC, SAP and\par
RuleBasedFileParser. Connector rules run before Aggregation rules in the aggregation process. These rules are\par
used to:\par
1)implement pre-processing of data\par
2)implement post-processing of data\par
3)manipulate, merge or otherwise transform the incoming data as it\rquote s being read\par
100)What is assigned role and dectected role?\par
101)What is rolemineing?\par
 Role Mining is used to create roles based on specified criteria in an existing enterprise\par
IdentityIQ separates role mining into the following categories:\par
IT Role Mining\par
Business Role Mining\par
\par
102) what different types of provisionings?\par
Types of provisioning include:\par
1. Automated provisioning \endash  Detecting new user record from the Authoritative Source or HR System and automatically provisioning those users with appropriate access on target applications.\par
2. Self-service provisioning \endash  allows users to update their profile data and request an account or request an entitlement and manage their own passwords.\par
3. Workflow-based provisioning \endash  gathers the required approvals from the designated approvers before granting a user access to an application or data.\par
103)What is aggregation?\par
Aggregation refers to the discovery and collection of information from the applications configured to work with IdentityIQ. For example, IdentityIQ uses an Identity Aggregation task to pull the values associated with the identity attributes specified during the configuration process from user accounts on the designated applications. That information is then used to create the foundation of the IdentityIQ Identity Cubes.\par
104)What kind of certification you have involed so for?\par
 Ans)  application owner cert, manager cert, entitlement, role memebership, role composition, Advanced etc\par
105)What are the steps involved in sailpoint installation?\par
a)StopTomcat\par
b)Unzip and extract the IdentityIQ war file in ~/webapps folder.(jar \endash xvf identityiq.war)   \par
c)Goto IIQ console and run ./iiq schema\par
d)Login to DB and run corresponding script. For example,Run command for Mysql(source create_identityiq_tables.mysql)\par
\par
106) During the installation process which xml you need to load in IIQ.\par
import inti.xml\par
\par
107) What is upgradation and how did you perform upgradation ?\par
\par
108) What kind of issues , have you faced in upgradation process ?\par
\par
109) What is patching and how you have performed in patching in sailpoint ?\par
\par
in Patching activity. we have three steps.\par
1.extracting the jar file into right locations.\par
2.executing the database script.\par
3.run the iiq console task.\par
110) What are comments do you use for patching activity ?\par
\par
111)Do you know Hibernate implementation?\par
112)How to user import? Expalin\par
113)By extendinng AbstractConnector ,we have implemented Open connector ? \par
114)what kind of roles you have implemented?\par
Ans) A role is a collection of entitlements or other roles that enables an identity to access resources and to perform certain operations within an organization. A simple role is a collection of entitlements defined within the context of a single system. I have involved in creating business and IT roles.\par
115)what are componets required to configure LDAP and AD?\par
Ans)\par
\par
116)How can we use forms?\par
Forms are used to solicit user input in several areas of IdentityIQ. They are used with:\par
a) Application and role provisioning policies\par
b) Identity provisioning policies (only applicable for installations using Lifecycle Manager)\par
c) Data entry and approvals in workflow steps\par
d)Report filter specification\par
117)what is Identity mapping?\par
Ans)To configure identity attributes that are used by identifyiq\par
118)What is account Mapping?\par
Ans)To configure account  that are managed by identifyiq\par
119)What is connector Rule?\par
Connector Rules are used during aggregation from specific connectors, specifically DelimitedFile, JDBC, SAP and\par
RuleBasedFileParser. Connector rules run before Aggregation rules in the aggregation process. These rules are\par
used to:\par
 implement pre-processing of data\par
 implement post-processing of data\par
manipulate, merge or otherwise transform the incoming data as it\rquote s being read\par
110)What is assigned role and dectected role?\par
111)What is rolemineing?\par
Ans)IdentityIQ helps to identify role in organization by performing Role mining. Here we have two approaches.\par
a)Top-Down approach.\par
b)Bottom-Up approach.\par
\par
112) what different types of provisionings?\par
Types of provisioning include:\par
1. Automated provisioning \endash  Detecting new user record from the Authoritative Source or HR System and automatically provisioning those users with appropriate access on target applications.\par
2. Self-service provisioning \endash  allows users to update their profile data and request an account or request an entitlement and manage their own passwords.\par
3. Workflow-based provisioning \endash  gathers the required approvals from the designated approvers before granting a user access to an application or data.\par
113)What is aggregation?\par
Aggregation refers to the discovery and collection of information from the applications configured to work with IdentityIQ. For example, IdentityIQ uses an Identity Aggregation task to pull the values associated with the identity attributes specified during the configuration process from user accounts on the designated applications. That information is then used to create the foundation of the IdentityIQ Identity Cubes.\par
114)What kind of certification you have involed so for?\par
 Ans)  application owner cert, manager cert, entitlement, role memebership, role composition, Advanced etc\par
115)What are the steps involved in sailpoint installation?\par
a)StopTomcat\par
b)Unzip and extract the IdentityIQ war file in ~/webapps folder.(jar \endash xvf identityiq.war)   \par
c)Goto IIQ console and run ./iiq schema\par
d)Login to DB and run corresponding script. For example,Run command for Mysql(source create_identityiq_tables.mysql)\par
\par
\par
\par
116)Do you know Hibernate implementation?\par
117)How to user import? Expalin\par
 \par
118)Diffrence between work groups and populations?\par
Groups \emdash  used to track accessibility, activity, and monitored risk by group membership. Risk scores are\par
displayed on the Home Page. Groups are defined automatically by values assigned to identity attributes.\par
\par
Populations \emdash  are query based groups created from the results of searches run from the Identity Search\par
page. Searches that result in interesting populations of identities can, optionally, be saved as populations\par
for reuse within IdentityIQ.\par
\par
 Populations are similar to groups, except that they are driven off of multiple search criteria\par
whereas Groups are statically defined based off a single Identity attribute.\par
 These group themselves are not dynamic.   You must run the Refresh Groups task\par
periodically to update them. Between runs of Refresh Groups, the groups themselves\par
remain static, but the membership is always based off a dynamic query.\par
\par
Note: Populations are dynamic queries, so every time you view a population, you\par
are viewing its current members at that point in time.\par
\par
119)How to trigger customworkflow?\par
\par
120)Any other way to trigger custom workflow?\par
\par
121)workflow modules?\par
\par
122)why do we need I services?\par
\par
123)Explain about your project?\par
\par
124)Diffrence between IT role and Bussiness role?\par
\par
125)Types of certifications?\par
Manager certification\par
application owner certification\par
entitlement owner certification\par
advanced certification\par
\par
126)Phases of certifications?\par
\par
127)What is scope in sailpoint?\par
\par
128)What did you write in provisining plan?\par
\par
129)Correlation and types?\par
\par
130)Why correlation rule?\par
\par
131)What is transition?\par
In workflow, tranition decides flow of the work flow.\par
\par
132)Cloud modules?\par
\par
133)Can we use buildmap rule in AD?\par
\par
134)Manager transfer what type of approverls?\par
\par
135)Variables in workflow?\par
String\par
script\par
rule\par
call\par
reference\par
\par
136.Promote managed attributes \par
\par
137.Detect deleted accounts ?\par
 in case account is not exists in system the corresponding accounts going\par
\par
138)What is logical application?  *****\par
\par
Ans:Sometimes, we need to identify an \ldblquote application\rdblquote  and corresponding \ldblquote accounts\rdblquote  as something that spans one or more applications.\par
Take an example whereby a web application uses a specific entitlement in Active Directory to define membership in an application. Any user who has this specific Active Directory entitlement has an \ldblquote account\rdblquote  on this application. This is an example of a Logical Application.\par
\par
140)What kind of custom tasks to build ?   *****\par
Tasks perform periodic operations such as Aggregation,Identity Refresh,System Maintenance.\par
\par
141)What are differnt phase in certification?\par
Generation Phase,\par
Active Phase,\par
Challenge Phase,\par
Sign Off Phase,\par
Remediation\\Revocation Phase,\par
End Phase\par
\par
142)About life cycle events?\par
Joiner\par
mover\par
leaver\par
\par
\par
144)Buildmaprule and what did u write in beanshell?\par
\par
145)How provision works?\par
\par
146)Types of approvels?\par
serial,serials-poll,parallel,parallel-poll,any\par
147)Diffrence between customization and buildmap rule?\par
Customization rule can connects.\par
148)Role mining\par
\par
Role mining analyzes data in the system using pattern-matching algorithms.  You can use the results to help\par
determine what new roles to create.. IdentityIQ supports role mining to create both business and IT roles. \par
\par
\bullet  "IT Role Mining" \par
\bullet  "Business Role Mining" \par
\par
150)What is purpose of Perform maintenance ?\par
Keeps standard systems moving through their phase this task run  every 5 mins.\par
151) What is the purpose of Check expired mitigations daily ?\par
Scans for policy & certification exceptions that have expired. this task runs every day\par
152) What is the purpose of Check expired work items daily ?\par
Scans for uncompleted workitems that have expired . this task run runs every day\par
153) What is the purpose of the task Perform Identity Request Maintenance  ?\par
Checks for provisioning completeness\par
\par
154)How to find out no of users login and log out failed in sailpoint.\par
 In Advanced Analatiks report ,Select audit seach in that define class as loginFailure\par
\par
 155)How many searches are available in Advanced Analatiks report?\par
IdentitySearch\par
AccessReviewSearch\par
RoleSearch\par
AccountGroupSearch\par
ActivitySearch\par
AuditSearch\par
PrcessMetricsSearch\par
SyslogSearch\par
156)How many Standared attributes are there in Indentity Serach ?\par
8\par
157)How many Searchable Attributes are there by default?\par
4\par
158) What is Searchable Attributes and how to define them ?\par
In System Settings ---> Identity Mapping. While defining Attribute. we are defining Searchable attributes ?\par
\par
159) Where is the Log4j.properties file exists in identifyiq.\par
identityiq/WEB-INF/classes\par
\par
160) What is group factory ?\par
\par
161) What is multi-value field ?\par
\par
162) What is identity Attribute ?\par
These fields define which attributes that we are reading in will be used to define uniqueness\par
\par
The Identity Attribute defines which attribute will\par
be used to determine the uniqueness of the account.\par
You could think of this as the primary key for the\par
application accounts. In this case, we are using the\par
\ldblquote User ID\rdblquote  which is unique for each user\par
\par
163) What is differene between Rule and Script ?\par
 \par
 \par
164) What is Detect deleted accounts ?\par
to sync up data between identityIQ and target sync.\par
165) What is Disable optimization of unchanged accounts ?\par
\par
\par
166) What is the use of move account in application accounts tab ?\par
\par
167)\par
What is the name of the field you set for IdentityIQ to populate this attribute?\par
\par
DisplayAttribute ?\par
\par
What ever attribute you have set as DisplayAttribute,That attribute is going to appear as user id\par
\bullet  Identifies which attribute holds display attribute\par
\bullet  Used for friendly display name\par
\par
\par
167) What is the difference between account mapping and identity mapping\par
\par
Specify the applications and rules from which account data is derived\par
\par
Specify the applications and rules from which identity data is derived.\par
\par
SAP HP\par
======\par
empid ,location,email\par
\par
table:-\par
empid,accountstatus,\par
\par
\par
\par
168) What is Extended Identity Attributes ?\par
\par
We will now define and configure additional Identity Attributes. These are attributes specific to the\par
implementation that are additional to the out of the box attributes. These attributes are called\par
Extended Identity Attributes.\par
\par
\par
169) By Default Multi-valued attributes are searchable ?\par
\par
Multi-valued attributes and all standard attributes are automatically searchable in\par
IdentityIQ. They are not shown as searchable in the summary list because they do not count\par
against your configured set of searchable attributes.\par
\par
170) What is applicatin rule and What is globale rule in Identity mappping ?\par
\par
\par
171) if you want to use in account correlation which type of identity attributes, you need to specify ?\par
Ans: A field should be marked as searchable and GroupFactory.\par
\par
 A field should be marked as searchable if you will need to use it for account correlation\par
(like Employee ID) or for Analytics (Location, Region). Group Factory identifies\par
those fields from which groups of users may be created (for example, a group of\par
inactive users).\par
\par
172)  uncorrelated identifies ?\par
\par
\par
173) What is authorative source ?\par
\par
174) What is links on Sailpoint ?\par
Access on different servers.\par
\par
175) Un correlated Identity ?\par
if an Identity don't have link with any authorated source application those identities are called as un correlated Identities ?\par
\par
176) What is the difference between Identity and account ?\par
\par
177) State Identity or orphan Identity in Sailpoint ?\par
\par
if any identifies don't have accounts those identities are called as orphan Identity or stale Identity ?\par
\par
178) What is prune Idenitity task ?\par
 Manually correlate the accounts using the UI. This involves moving the uncorrelated\par
account to the proper identity. once uncorrelated task is completed.to delete the orphan identites. we run the prun task.\par
\par
\par
179) Which application identities automatically correlated identities ?\par
\par
Authoritative application identites automatically correlated identities\par
\par
180) Define correlation attributes for below given applications\par
\par
HR\par
===\par
Id,Fname,lastname,email \par
Oracel Server\par
=========\par
id,position,manager \par
\par
SAP Server\par
======\par
username,email,dept\par
\par
Blog\par
=====\par
\par
\par
Ad Server:-\par
SAMAccount,fullname,position,Manager,dept\par
\par
\par
181) Which are applcations( correlation will be happend)\par
\par
correlation always happen betweeen correlation and non correlation applcations\par
\par
182)Correlation always happen which attributes ?\par
\par
Correlation always happen only Identities and account only\par
\par
\par
183) What is use of correlation rule ?\par
if you don't find common attributes between authorative application and non - authorative,then we need to define correlation rule to create correlation attribute.\par
\par
\par
184)What is Manager correlation ?\par
1.Define which application attribute defines a user\rquote s manager.\par
2.Map the application attribute to the manager\rquote s Identity\par
Attribute\par
\par
185)What is the difference betweeen Identity correlation and Manager correlation ?\par
\par
186)How to configure new Identity Attributes in identity clube\par
\par
1) Goto Debug mode 2)UI configuration 3) Serach for name: identityViewAttributes.\par
 modify the <entry key="identityViewAttributes" value="name,firstname,lastname,email,manager"/>\par
 <entry key="identityViewAttributes" value="name,firstname,lastname,email,manager,department,location,empId,region,jobtitle,costcenter,status"/>\par
\par
187)How to delete all indentities from IdentityIQ\par
delete Identity *\par
\par
188) how to delete accounts for one specify application ?\par
\par
\par
189) What is Instance Attribute ?  *****\par
\par
190)Customize the Identities page to include new Identity ?\par
\par
Add the following two lines to the entry for identityTableColumns and click Save\par
<ColumnConfig dataIndex="status" headerKey="Status" hideable="true"\par
property="status" sortProperty="status" sortable="true"/>\par
<ColumnConfig dataIndex="correlated" headerKey="Authoritative?" hideable="true"\par
property="correlated" sortProperty="correlated" sortable="true"/>\par
\par
191)if you define attributes are searchable,when you can find them as searchable attributes ?\par
You can find them in advanced Analatiks, you can find them as searchable\par
\par
\par
192)if you have loaded authorative applications, if you are loading non-authoritative accounts. what are things you need to take care ?\par
\par
\par
When loading a non-authoritative application, it is necessary to correlate user accounts from this\par
new application to existing Identity Cubes. We will do this by defining an Account Correlation\par
configuration when configuring each application. Account Correlation can be configured as a simple\par
attribute mapping or, for more complicated examples; we can implement Account Correlation as a\par
rule. In this section we will use an attribute mapping to correlate accounts.\par
193)What is orphan accounts ?\par
(those accounts that cannot be linked to existing identity cubes)\par
193)you have authorative source got loaded and you have loaded non-authoritative by applying correlation,but still you could see non linked accounts(orphan acccounts), how do you map them ?\par
We need to do manually correlation ?\par
\par
194)To promote entitlement into Entitlement Catalog ?\par
1) We need to configure attribute as Managed in the application schema,then particular values will be loaded into Entitlement catlog\par
groupmbr  go loaded into Entitilemnt Catalog.\par
\par
We need to select Promote managed attributes in aggregation task ?\par
\par
\par
\par
195) What is the use of Data needs to be merged  in application on boarding ?\par
\par
196) How to skip starting 'n' of lines in file loading using delimiter connecor ?\par
In File on boarding Filtering section. specify the no of lines to skipped while applicaiton onboarding.\par
\par
197) How to filer empty lines loading in file loading approach ?\par
In File on boarding Filtering section. Check out the Filter Empty option\par
198) How to ingore department value as manufacture in delimiter file.\par
In File on boarding Filtering section. specify the Filter String.\par
\par
Filter String: Specify a filter string to ignore objects in the feed based on attribute values. For\par
example, if all records with a department value of "Manufacturing" should be ignored, the Filter String\par
would be specified as department == \\"Manufacturing\\". Details on filter string syntax can be found\par
in the Filters and Filter Strings white paper on Compass.\par
\par
198)How to skip record loading if read starting with "#"\par
In File on boarding Filtering section,Comment Character specify the special Character\par
\par
\bullet  Comment Character: Enter a comment character used in the data file. Any line starting with this\par
character will be skipped.\par
\par
199)What is the use of  Revoker in application on boarding ?\par
 select a user who will receive and process the manual work item to revoke an identity's\par
access to this application when their access is revoked through IdentityIQ (through a certification,\par
a Lifecycle Manager request, etc.). If no Revoker is specified, the application owner receives the\par
revocation work item.n\par
200) Which are connectors, we will specify Native Object Type other than account ?\par
\par
Applications using the LDAP connector, where it is "iNetOrgPerson"  but should be\par
"account" for most application types, including delimited file\par
\par
201)What is PostIterate Rule and where exactly this rule being used ?\par
\par
PostIterate Rule: This rule runs once for the whole file after the records in the file are processed; it is\par
available to address any post-aggregation file management needs for the task. Common examples\par
include deleting or archiving the file, clearing the local map of lookup data, validating counts of\par
records processed, etc.\par
\par
202) What is Map to ResourceObject Rule and where it is being used ?\par
Like the build map rule, this is a rule hook available for data\par
manipulation of the account data as each record is processed. This rule is run after any record\par
merging configured for the application has occurred. Without a map to resourceObject rule present,\par
IdentityIQ will automatically translate a record's hashmap representation into a resourceObject\par
representation; this rule allows customers to manipulate data during that transformation process\par
\par
203)What are the Connector Rules ?\par
1.Build Map Rule\par
2.PreIterate Rule\par
3.PostIterate Rule\par
4.Map To ResourceObject Rule\par
5.MergeMaps Rule\par
\par
\par
\par
204)What are the Aggregation Rules\par
1)Correlation Rule\par
2)Creation Rule\par
3)Manager Correlation Rule\par
4.Customization Rule\par
5.Managed Entitlement Customization Rule\par
\par
\par
\par
204)What is difference between Connector Rules and Aggregation Rules ?\par
\par
Connector rules are being run during connecting application time  and Aggregation rules are being executing while running aggreation task.\par
\par
\par
205)What is the use of clearCache command ?\par
\par
206)How to clear the pending emails queue ?\par
\par
\par
207)What is the use of connectorDebug ?\par
\par
connectorDebug PAM iterate group\par
\par
208)If you want any attribute to be part of entitilement catalog. where do you need to specify attributes?\par
\par
In scheme, attributes section specify the column name as entitilement so that field will appear in entitilement catalog.\par
\par
209) What is  Delta Identity Refresh ?\par
\par
IdentityIQ version 7.0 introduces Delta Identity Refresh to IdentityIQ: the ability to perform identity refresh functions on only the identities which have recently changed/\par
\par
210) How many steps involved in Delta Identity Refresh setup.\par
\par
Delta Identity Refresh feature involves this two-step process:\par
\par
Configure and run aggregation tasks to mark identities as changed as they modify attribute or account data on the identities\par
Configure and run identity refresh tasks to perform their functions only on the marked identities\par
\par
211) What is Multiplexing application ?\par
 The application definition that points to the single source feed containing data for multiple resources\par
\par
212) Multiplexed applications:\par
\par
The application definitions representing the individual resources whose\par
data is contained in the source feed; these are usually auto-generated during the aggregation\par
process\par
\par
213) What is updateMultiplexedSchemas and where exactly this attribute being used ?\par
\par
214) What is logical application ?\par
\par
215) What are the reserved words for multiplexed application\par
 IIQSourceApplication and IQMultiplexIdentity.\par
\par
216)What is differece between Multiplexed application and Logical applcations ?\par
\par
217) Similarities and Differences between roles and Logical applicatins\par
\par
Logical Applications and Roles have a number of similarities. \par
\par
Both are abstractions.\par
\bullet  They provide a way to manage user access to critical applications and systems.\par
\bullet  They can simplify the provisioning and certification processes by encapsulating entitlements and permissions in a single unit.\par
\bullet  They can present entitlement data in a way that is more easily understood by non-technical reviewers.\par
\par
The primary differences between Logical Applications and Roles are:\par
\par
They provide different ways of modeling access. \par
 Logical Applications are account-centric, while Roles are entitlement-centric.\par
\bullet  Roles have an extended set of features not available to Logical Applications including:\par
o Automated creation and management through role mining, entitlement analysis, impact \par
analysis, role inheritance, and role archiving\par
o Management through workflows that can create/update/delete roles, schedule role creation \par
and decommissioning, and schedule role/entitlement assignment\par
\bullet  Roles scale significantly better than Logical Applications.  Refer to the section titled Performance \par
Impacts below for more details about the scalability of Logical Applications and Roles.\par
\par
\par
218)If you want to refresh only one specific applicaiton identify cubes ?\par
In Refresh cube, Filter string, you can specify the applicatin string based on that you can perform filtering the applications.\par
219) What is the synonymous for account ?\par
link is synonymous  to account.\par
220) how to create custom Identity Refresh Cube ?\par
In Monitor,Select the task and select the Identity Refresh Cube and specify the filter\par
\par
221) How to create custom tasks ?\par
\par
In Monitor tasks --> select the related task.\par
\par
\par
222)Can you please describe about IIQ Disabled and where exactly this is being used ?\par
\par
223) What is Workgroups and where Workgroups can be used?\par
\par
\par
224) What is Group Factory and Where it is being defined and where it is being used\par
\par
if you want to define group based on attribute for that attribute, you need to fine as Group factory.\par
if you defined one attribute as group factory, automatically that pariticular field will appear in groups creation menu.\par
\par
225) What kind of visibilty is there for populations ?\par
\par
By default,populations are private. it can be visible only for created person.\par
if you want to make it visibale make the population - un check private check box.\par
\par
226) What is policy ?\par
\par
Policies are defined and used to monitor identities that are in violation of the policies.\par
\par
\par
227)how are you going to manage Policy violations ?\par
Policy violations can be managed through certifications or the policy violations page\par
You can also configure violations to trigger a business process to send email notifications and generate work items\par
so that policy violations can be managed immediately upon detection\par
\par
228) Examples of Policies ?\par
Separation of duties policy:-\par
 a separation of duties policy can prohibit one identity from requesting and approving purchase orders.\par
Activity policy:-\par
\par
An activity policy can prohibit an identity with the Human Resource role from\par
updating the payroll application even though the identity has view access to the application.\par
\par
Rule violations for a policy:-\par
\par
Rule violations for a policy, when detected, are stored in the identity cube. These violations also appear on\par
identity score cards and enable you to identify high-risk employees and take appropriate action.\par
\par
\par
229)How many policies and describe them ?\par
1.Custom Policies:\par
 are any policies that were created outside of IdentityIQ to meet special needs of your\par
enterprise. You cannot create a custom policy from inside the product. Use the Edit Policy page to view\par
information about a custom policy, but changes made here will not affect the performance of the policy\par
2.SOD\par
 separation of duties policies ensure that identities are not assigned conflicting roles\par
\par
3.Entitlement SOD\par
 separation of dutiesm  policies ensure that identities are not assigned conflicting\par
entitlements\par
4.Activity\par
 ensure that users are not accessing sensitive application if they should not or when they\par
should not.\par
5.Account\par
 ensure that an identity does not have multiple accounts on an application\par
6. Risk\par
 ensure that users are not exceeding the maximum risk threshold set for your enterprise.\par
7.Advanced\par
 custom policies created using match lists, filters, scripts, rules, or populations.\par
To access Policies\par
\par
230) how are you handling policy violations ?\par
\par
go to manage and select policy violation\par
231) What is Risk scoring ?\par
\par
232) How many types of Risk scores are available ?\par
1.Base Risk Score\par
The score assigned to each role, entitlement, or policy violation\par
2.Total Base Risk Score\par
The total score of all base risk scores of the same component type on a per user\par
basis.\par
3.Compensated Risk Score\par
The value of the base risk score for a component multiplied by the compensating\par
factor for that component type.\par
4.Total Compensated Risk\par
Score\par
\par
5.Composite Risk Score or\par
Identity Risk Score\par
\par
233) What is the use of Refresh Group ?\par
  once you have defined the groups. to get refersh identifies into correct groups. we need to run Refresh Groups ?\par
 \par
234) What is the use of Refresh Risk Scores?\par
 once you have defined Risk score for relavent task. to get refresh identities . we need to run the Refresh Risk scores task\par
235) Wat is the use of  Refresh Continuous Certification task ?\par
 if an employee leaves the company and they are marked as inactive, the Refresh Continuous Certifications task removes them from the certification.\par
 236) types of Certification ?\par
1 \bullet  Manager Certifications \emdash  certify that your direct reports have the entitlements they need to do their job\par
and only the entitlements they need to do their job.\par
 2.Application Owner Certifications \emdash  certify that all identities accessing applications for which you are\par
responsible have the proper entitlements.\par
3.Entitlement Owner Certifications \emdash  certify that all identities accessing entitlements for which you are\par
responsible are correct.\par
4.Advanced Certifications \emdash  certify that all identities included in the population associated with that\par
Advanced Certification have the correct entitlements and roles.\par
 .\par
5 Account Group Certifications \emdash  certify that account groups /application objects for which you are\par
responsible have the proper permissions or the proper group membership. Account groups that do not\par
have owners assigned are certified by the owner of the application on which they reside.\par
6 Role Certifications \emdash  certify that roles for which you are responsible are composed of the proper roles\par
and entitlements or that the roles are assigned to the correct identities.\par
7 Identity Certifications \emdash  certify the entitlement information for the identities selected from the Identity\par
Risk Score, Identity Search Results, or Policy Violation pages, usually for at risk users.\par
8 Event-Based Certifications \emdash  certify the entitlement information for the identities selected based on\par
events detected within IdentityIQ.\par
\par
237.What are the different kind of cerfications phase ?\par
Active:\par
\par
\par
Challenge:\par
\par
\par
\par
Revocation:\par
\par
End:\par
\par
9) how many ways assigned cerfications review can be completed.\par
1. on sailpoint dashboard - access Review\par
2. by selecting workitems. we can select the assigned work items to the manager\par
\par
238) What is Entitlement Catalog  and what it contains ?\par
In this Entitlement Catalog, we will define Entitlement description,ownership is defined in the Entitlement Catalog.\par
239) If there are things , you are configuraint offen ,where you can configure them to avoid configuring frequently ?\par
in System setup (Gare buttion) --> Compliance manager. you can specify them.\par
240)if user challenge his access. where certifier can see the user challenge ?\par
in Certificer can see in acess Review page as with Star symbol. Certifier can handle the Challenge by right clicking?\par
250)After user challenge this access what are the steps carried out by Certifier and IIQ ?\par
1. if the Challenge is accepeted, the revoke decision on the challenge item is cleared.\par
2. the certifier makes a new decision and save change.\par
3. if that was only challenged decsion, IIQ promts the cerifier to sign of the access reveiew\par
4.once sign off,Access Review is completed and moves to the next step.\par
241)What is custom tasks ? how to create them ?\par
In tasks, click new task and select what ever task you want to get created ,specify the options accordlingly.\par
\par
Rules:\par
======\par
\par
251)how to get object name in rules ?\par
\par
Identity i=getObjectByName(Identity.class,"Gopu");\par
\par
252) how to get attributes of Identities ?\par
\par
Identity i=getObjectByName(Identity.class,"Gopu");\par
253) Display all attributes of all Identity  of mappings of attributes ?\par
 System.out.println("Attributes:   "+i.getAttributes());\par
\par
\par
 253) display one specific attribute of identity mapping attribute ?\par
 Identity i=getObjectByName(Identity.class,"Gopu);\par
 System.out.println("department:\\t"+i.getAttribute("department"));\par
\par
 254)how do develop custom task?\par
 1) develop java files\par
 2. develop the Rule Runner Task in tasks.(monitor)\par
\par
 255) to load the lcm manager.\par
 > import init-lcm.xml\par
\par
\par
 Idenitity i=new Identity(Identy.class,"");\par
\par
 256) two types of UIrequests , batch tasks ?\par
\par
 Batch handles:\par
 Workflows\par
 Tasks/Reports\par
 Certification generation\par
\par
 UI hosts handles user internations:\par
 ==================================\par
 Access Requests\par
 Performing Certification\par
 Dynamic Analatics\par
\par
 257) How to different specify different requests for Batch servers,UI Servers ?\par
 in iiq.properties files, specify the following hostnames\par
\par
environment.taskSchedulerHosts\par
environment.requestSchedulerHosts\par
\par
\par
\par
environment.taskSchedulerHosts=HostA,HostB\par
environment.requestSchedulerHosts=HostA,HostB\par
\par
 258) How many mechanisms IdentiyIQ cube data is going to get created in IdentityIQ cube ?\par
\par
 1.During Data Aggregation:-\par
 \bullet  By aggregating data from Authoritative Application(s)\par
\bullet  HR Application\par
\bullet  Enterprise Directory\par
\bullet  By aggregating data from Non-authoritative Applications\par
\bullet  Creates non-authoritative cube (more later)\par
\par
Using Lifecycle Manager\par
\bullet  Using the Create Identity or Self-registration option in Lifecycle\par
Manager\par
\bullet  Identity Attributes are entered as part of the creation process\par
259 What is Group Attribute ?\par
 1.Identifies which attribute holds the group attribute\par
 2.Used to identify group membership (groupmbr, memberOf)\par
260) What is extended attributes ?\par
Additional Identity Attributes are typically defined (called\par
extended attributes)\par
\par
261) What is Manager Correlation\par
\par
\par
\par
262) Differecet kinds of connector types\par
delimiter:\par
\par
263)What are differnet kind of correlatin methods ?\par
1.Correlation wizard\par
2.Correlation rule\par
3.Manually\par
\par
264) What is the benifit of Monioring enable tab in workflows?\par
this is going to give statistics of workflows failures\par
265) How to enable monitoring for all workflows?\par
If you select Identity Initialize, you can find monitoring,if you select Initialize all workflows are going to monitored with stastics\par
how many no of times , workflows got failured and all.\par
\par
<Variable name="transient" initializer="true"/>\par
\par
265) What is the difference between Java and BeanShell scripts ?\par
\par
IdentityIQ allows system integrators to write rules in the BeanShell scripting language. The BeanShell language\par
is based on Java and can use all Java classes that are available to IdentityIQ, including custom code.The main\par
difference between Java and BeanShell is that Java is compiled into byte code, which is executed by the Java\par
Virtual Machine, while BeanShell scripts are interpreted on executio\par
\par
266) how to get\par
IdentityIQ makes it easy to establish a connection to it's local database: \par
\par
Connection dbCxn = context.getJdbcConnection();\par
267)How to increase workitem justificatin width?\par
\par
268) Rule editior won't complile the beanshell script ?\par
\par
269) What is the Rule Libraries\par
A library is a special kind of Rule object. A library collects functions that can be called from other Rule objects.\par
To use a library in a rule, a function must use the <ReferencedRules/> XML tag.\par
An example library called "String Utils" could contain the following functions:\par
\par
270)How to add Libraries ?\par
\par
By adding multiple <Reference/> tags. you can libraries in the rules.\par
271) System.out.println("Hello, World!"); if you run the command, output will be display ?\par
\par
Output sent to standard output, usually ends up in the application server's logfile. In case of Apache Tomcat\par
this is the catalina.out file.\par
\par
278)\par
\par
\par
Comments\par
\par
Popular posts from this blog\par
Sailpoint 182+ Interview Questions\par
- February 28, 2018\par
Sailpoint 100+ Interview Questions What is certification ? What are certifications in sailpoint ? What are the lifecylce of certification ?  is it possible to hold certification ? What is rule ? What is pre-iterate ? What is build map rule ? Customized rule ? Pre-delegation rule ? What is access Management ? What is Role  and what is the use of Role ? What are Roles ? What is Identity Mapping ? What is mitigation ? How can we set limit for delete aggregation ? What is Identity risk ? application risk ? What is service account and how you are going to represent ? How many ways, you can initialize variables in workflows? How to debug the workflows ? Enable logging (log files) for sail point How to set debug logger for logger in sail point. How to set Info logger for logger in sail point. What is Application on boarding? How many types extended attributes can increase in sail point ? What are the parameters need to uncomment in iiq.properties file? How many t\par
READ MORE\par
Rule ID plug in in sail point\par
- March 07, 2018\par
1.Download the plugin from sailpoint {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://community.sailpoint.com/docs/DOC-9118 }}{\fldrslt{https://community.sailpoint.com/docs/DOC-9118\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22  2. Download the documentation steps in below location. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://community.sailpoint.com/docs/DOC-9048 }}{\fldrslt{https://community.sailpoint.com/docs/DOC-9048\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22  3.Graphical representation {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://community.sailpoint.com/docs/DOC-9155 }}{\fldrslt{https://community.sailpoint.com/docs/DOC-9155\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
READ MORE\par
 Powered by Blogger\par
Theme images by Michael Elkan\par
SAILPOINTTPOINT\par
VISIT PROFILE\par
Archive\par
Report Abuse\f0\par
}
 